And then people are going to fall asleep and welcome.
But the video this time I'm going to tell
about hardware and how to
take care of keeping this video up to date
is part of the series renewing your pc
So I'm going into this video here that's the
video so they can then
know all the videos that are part
of this series what is in each of them is
very important to keep your computer
clean only three months later is already the
sufficient to reduce the effectiveness of
of your computer 's cooling and
so your computer's performance one
time temperatures will be fine
higher than they should
when I cleaned this computer from
video guys without joking the
temperatures of my graphics cards
fell more than 20 degrees
that's quite the temperatures they
they reached almost a hundred degrees while I
I was playing and after I made the
cleaning them return to their normal
70 to 75 degrees
Yes, of course these are not the
cooler graphics cards that exist
in the world
The problem is that these high
temperatures in addition to decreasing life
useful of the ray of yours still
performance, the lower the
higher temperature stability and the
performance on your side
so it's good to always keep the computer
clean and organized does not have any
secret to cleaning the computer galley
in this video and you can see that I
I'm using a dust cloth to get the
dust from my computer windows and air
tablet to clean more
hard to clean
such as the sinks
main parts to clean up are the
sinks, especially those of the
your processor and graphics card and
This is it people
do not neglect cleaning your computer
Of you, that 's it guys, next time.
video will format the machine then I will
give some tips regarding this
subject matter
Thank you for insisting that
lilic favorite
that description was worth